---
layout: 'base_layout.njk'
---

## Meeting Minutes from 6-21-23

Meeting called to order: 6 pm June 21, 2023

### Members present:
- Phillip Jackson
- Kimberly Jackson
- Jenny Read
- Scott Wilson via Skype


Kimberly Jackson called the meeting to order @ 6:00 pm
Items voted on and adopted were:
- The name of the foundation: For The Puppies Foundation Inc.
- Put together marketing materials.
- Articles of Incorporation to be sent to Attorney Casey Lott to be filed.
- For The Puppies Training Academy LLC will pay Casey Lott for services.
- Gather statistics on number of dogs in current rescues.
- Phillip Jackson will make a flow chart of all processes of the organization.
- Kimberly Jackson will make an outline for the Agility Course and Group Training.
- Jenny Read was asked to do a write up on the rescue situation and burdens of running a rescue.
- Phillip Jackson will do a write up on the importance of Emotional support of Canines.
- For the reading program: kids can check out books from the library and bring with them.
- What we are doing is also being done by Who Will Let The Dogs Out? In Virginia.
www.whowillletthedogsout.com
- Scott Wilson spoke about Service Dog training and Therapy Animals in schools.
- Take the horses out for now. Horses need an acre of land per horse. To have someone that knows how to train and care for horses. Will be included in the 5 year business plan.
- A dog has a purpose. Education about dogs and cats in general. To prevent a hoarding situation. Have a strong emotional support system for the dogs and cats.
- Once the articles of incorporation are filed, we can then start fundraising. We will also start looking for Guardian homes at that point.
- Business Insurers of the Carolina’s covers registered therapy animals that are registered with Pet Partners.
- The meeting was adjourned at 7:45 pm.
- The next scheduled meeting will be July 29, 2023.
Everyone will be sent an invitation via email with a time and place