---
layout: 'base_layout.njk'
page_description: 'FTPF Meeting Minutes from 7-25-23'
---
## Meeting Minutes from 7-25-23
Meeting called to order:
5:14 pm July 25, 2023 by Phillip Jackson, the Incorporator

### Members present:
- Phillip Jackson
- Kimberly Jackson
- Jennifer Earles
- Roxy Wilson
- Terry Chailland
- Linda Mills
    
__Consultants__
- Janet Seago – nonvoting
- Scott Wilson – nonvoting
    
### Summary
Welcome and Introductions were made.

Voting for officers proceeded as follows:
- Roxy Wilson nominated herself as President. The motion was made by Terry Chailland and seconded by Linda
Mills. Motion passed; Roxy Wilson was voted by 3 members as President.
- Terry Chailland nominated herself as Vice President. The motion was made by Roxy Wilson and seconded by Linda
Mills. Members voted and passed Terry Chailland as Vice President.
- Jennifer Earles volunteered to be Secretary. The motion was made by Terry Chailland and seconded by Roxy
Wilson. Motion passed as Jennifer Earles to be the Secretary.
- Terry Chailland stepped down from Vice President and volunteered to be the Treasurer. Linda Mills accepted the
Vice President position. The motion was made by Roxy Wilson and seconded by Jennifer Earles. The motion passed:
Terry Chailland: Treasurer and Linda Mills: Vice President.

---

- By-laws were presented to all members and consultants. By-laws were accepted but it was noted that
additional by-laws would be added. A Nondisclosure agreement and release of liability waiver.
- The bank chosen for the nonprofit checking account will be Regions bank. Regions has an online banking application that everyone can have access to.
- All officers and Incorporators will be on the checking account.
- A motion was made by Kimberly Jackson to vote for the CPA. Beth Cossitt, Sparks CPA’s, will continue to be the accountant.
- Vendor events and the website were tabled until the August meeting.
- Phillip Jackson, incorporator, discussed the cloud service provider for document sharing and the creation of Google Workspace.
- Kimberly Jackson, Founder, presented Microsoft Office 365 to everyone for the non-profit. The cost would be $50 monthly for the nonprofit. This includes email addresses for everyone as well.
- The meeting was adjourned at 6:48 pm by Roxy Wilson, President.
- It has been adopted by all members that Phillip Jackson maintains his position as Incorporator and Chief Executive Officer